I count false words the foulest plague of all.
Aeschylus, Prometheus Bound
If you prefer, consider this a work of fiction, or the ravings of a madman.
Perhaps I am crazy.
I know that you will not hear what I am struggling to tell you—not yet. But, perhaps as things unfold, this writing will offer someexplanation of what is happening.
In my mind as I write this is the small hope that my children might one day come to understand me a little, and, perhaps, forgive me for being who I have been. It has been unavoidable for me to see and knowabout unpleasant things, which are now becoming manifest.
Presently, as we well know, families are divided. People are experiencing a kind of isolation, perhaps not physically, but in spirit and mind. This has been made to happen through the dark magic of
false news and narrative. This alone has been a great crime against humanity. The tactical purposes are many: to confuse and divide; to cause disengagement; to demoralize; to instill fears and to introduce
false focal points for these fears; to manipulate the historical narrative; to create a false sense of the present reality; and ultimately, to cause people to acquiesce to what has been planned.
Facing this onslaught how can one know anything? Direct knowledge acquired through ones own experience and the personal experiences
of others may be used to pierce these false narratives. Living memorycontains clues. What has been done before can be done again.
If exposure of the personal history in this Prologue grows tedious, please go to the meat of the matter in the chapters ahead. But if you will continue reading here, perhaps you might discover that I am a human being, like you. Perhaps it will be of some use to you, to know
that I have worked a lifetime to understand the forces hurting us. For me, “being known” has never been a wise or desirable objective,
unless it has been to accomplish some essential purpose. And now my purpose is this: it is so that what I am trying to tell you might be heard
and understood. We are in danger. And so I will risk telling you my personal story.
How have I come to know what I am trying to tell you? I am old enough to remember the JFK assassination. I was sitting in
the little basket in the front of a shopping cart at Fazio’s grocery store
on Lee Road when the announcement was made over the speaker. A woman standing nearby burst into tears.
Within a few years of the assassination, we were living the industrial
collapse of the U.S. For a boy in a family of engineers, in the crane and hoist business, in Cleveland, the years ahead would be very much like
living through the Great Depression. In the summer of 1966, a portion of the city was burned in the Hough Riots. The National Guard was
called in and placed machine gun nests on roofs. On top of the riots, little Webb Equipment was being targeted by the Teamsters Union;
windshields were smashed with baseball bats. Due to the threat of Molotov cocktails, records were moved out of the office, and roofs were
hosed down at night. It was like living in a war zone, and it was going to get much worse. There would never be a “recovery.” There would be
complete destruction of everything we had known. Our extended family had been benevolent, close and happy. In just
a few years, death consumed the entire older generation and some of the next. The patriarch, Grandpa Webb, died at 79. The following year,
my father’s older brother, died of a heart attack at 51. As a young man, he had been captain of the Case Western Reserve wrestling team, and
looked something like a god. He had left a successful career at ALCOA, to help his aging father in business, as had my father. Shortly before
his death, he had confided in his wife of struggling to keep the men employed, bidding for contracts near cost. He was a man who cared
deeply and felt responsibility keenly. However improbable it seems now, Cleveland had been one of the
most vital industrial centers of the world. In the 19th century and into the 20th, it was like all of industrial America in one city. I remember
reading that, at one time, the Cuyahoga Valley was producing 2% of the world’s industrial product. The early days of the iron, steel, aluminum,
chemical, automotive, aeronautics, and oil industries were all in Cleveland. Standard Oil was formed there. Rockefeller’s first refinery was
there. John D. is buried in Lake View Cemetery, as are both sides of my family, who were descended from early English settlers. Some ofthese forebears had arrived with the first settlements in Jamestown and
Plymouth. William Bradford was an ancestor. The Webbs had common ancestry with John Adams, Samuel Adams, and John Quincy Adams.
We had Masonic swords and little porcelain statues of Washington and Franklin dressed in their Masonic regalia. Dad, his brother, and their
father and grandfather had been Masons. Despite this, it seems they did not get the memo about what was coming.
By the early 1970’s, the family business, which had once had eighty men in “the shop”, was down to one, Ladislaus Horvath, earlier known
as “Little Laddie”, being the son of the elder of the same name who had worked for my grandfather. Laddie, who had been a helicopter
mechanic in Vietnam and could do absolutely everything, later told me that he had thought he would go crazy, there having been absolutely
nothing even for him to do. The business activity had gone to zero.
Under extremely difficult and worsening circumstances, my father
had been left without the support of his father and brother, but with full
responsibility for everything, which he had never wanted. Stress was
slowly killing him. He developed chronic asthma, became depressed
and angry, and often stayed in bed.
Sometime after my uncle’s death, my older brother nearly lost
several fingers in the lawn mower. Dad then gave me the job of cutting
the lawn. I was happy and proud to be entrusted with such a big job,
as indeed it was. I was nine.
In the years ahead, I discovered that something in my father necessitated that I be put to work under increasingly unpleasant and even
dangerous circumstances. When I was twelve, I became seriously ill
after being pressed to work when I was already ill. By thirteen, I was
“the low man on the totem pole” at the shop, as described by one of the
guys at my father’s funeral. It was hot, dirty, and sometimes quite dangerous. I could easily have lost fingers, my eyesight or worse. Excelling
in school remained a given, but hard labor marked the remainder of
boyhood.